Add examples for the keywords array in Pulumi schema (#841)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/guides/pulumi-packages/schema.md

| `displayName`       | `string`                                   | No       | The human-friendly name of the package.                                                                                           |
| `version`           | `string`                                   | Yes      | Version is the version of the package. The version must be valid semver.                                                          |
| `description`       | `string`                                   | No       | Description is the description of the package.                                                                                    |
| `keywords`          | `array[string]`                            | No       | Keywords is the list of keywords that are associated with the package, if any. 
Some reserved keywords can be specified as well that help with categorizing the package in the Pulumi registry. `category/<name>` and `kind/<type>` are the only reserved keywords at this time,

> where `<name>` can be one of: `cloud`, `database`, `infrastructure`, `network`, `utility`, `vcs` and `<type>` is either `native` or `component`. If the package is a TF-based provider, then don't include a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `<name>` can be one of: `cloud`, `database`, `infrastructure`, `network`, `utility`, `vcs` and `<type>` is either `native` or `component`. If the package is a bridged Terraform provider, then don't include a
```
